NXDOC-2367: add documentation for nuxeo-coldstorage addon (#1867)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-add-ons/nuxeo-coldstorage/nuxeo-coldstorage-installation.md

- The [Amazon S3 Online Storage]({{page version='' space='nxdoc' page='amazon-s3-online-storage'}}) addon needs to be configured on your instance

## Amazon S3
Nuxeo Platform with Nuxeo Coldstorage addon requires the usage of 2 Amazon buckets:

A standard S3 bucket as for any other standard Nuxeo instance: this bucket is used to store the standard documents. You can refer to [Amazon S3 Online Storage]({{page version='' space='nxdoc' page='amazon-s3-online-storage'}}) documentation to configure this bucket.

A secondary standard S3 bucket: this bucket is used to store the documents with glacier class. Compared to the standard bucket, a lifecycle must be defined to handle the document class change. You can refer to the [AWS documentation here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/lifecycle-transition-general-considerations.html) for reference.

## Configuration
Make sure that all configuration values are set in the `nuxeo.conf`:

```
nuxeo.aws.accessKeyId=
nuxeo.aws.secretKey=
nuxeo.aws.region=
nuxeo.s3storage.bucket_prefix=
nuxeo.s3storage.bucket=
nuxeo.aws.glacier.bucket=
nuxeo.aws.glacier.bucket_prefix=
```

There are some other optional configurations:

>  Dor the scheduler jobs that check on async operation status - by default, the time is every 7 minutes but it can be customized accordingly to the needs of the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For the scheduler job that check on async operation status - by default, the time is every 7 minutes but it can be customized accordingly to the needs of the client.
```

Reviewer: A reader that doesn't know much about the implementation might not understand what we mean by "check on async operation status"? What operation? A bit more detail would help.

```
nuxeo.coldstorage.check.retrieve.state.cronExpression=

> nuxeo.coldstorage.check.storage.state.cronExpression=

Reviewer 2: As @Gabez0r asked, what is the unit of these properties? Minutes? Milliseconds? Maybe we should document it too.

Author: I think it's in seconds, @doulba can you confirm this?

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the clarification 🙂

```

> For retrieve preview availability, the default is one day, but that can also be modified:

Reviewer: "For retrieve preview availability" is a bit hard to read and not so easy to understand what we are referring to.

A secondary standard S3 bucket: this bucket is used to store the documents with Glacier class. Compared to the standard bucket, a lifecycle must be defined to handle the document class change. You can refer to the [AWS documentation here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/lifecycle-transition-general-considerations.html) for reference.

## Configuration
Make sure that all configuration values are set in the `nuxeo.conf`:

```
nuxeo.aws.accessKeyId=
nuxeo.aws.secretKey=
nuxeo.aws.region=
nuxeo.s3storage.bucket_prefix=
nuxeo.s3storage.bucket=
nuxeo.aws.glacier.bucket=
nuxeo.aws.glacier.bucket_prefix=
```

There are some other optional configurations:

For customizing the frequency (in seconds) in which the scheduler job checks if the retrieve task is finished and that the preview is avaialble for the user to download, we use the expression below. For example, if we want to check the satus every hour at the 7th minute, we would add:

```

> nuxeo.coldstorage.check.retrieve.state.cronExpression= 0 7 * ? * * *

Reviewer: Could you please update that on https://nuxeowiki.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/NT/pages/2036072489/Nuxeo+Cold+Storage+Glacier+Connector as well? Thank you.

```

> To customize the scheduler job that checks if the storage class of the document was changed to Glacier by aws we use the expression below.

Reviewer 3: we need to upper case the AWS and be consistent with the upper G on Glacier (I think it should be upper but it isn't elsewhere in the doc)

```

> nuxeo.coldstorage.check.storage.state.cronExpression= 0 7 * ? * * *

Reviewer: Could you please update that on https://nuxeowiki.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/NT/pages/2036072489/Nuxeo+Cold+Storage+Glacier+Connector as well? Thank you.

```

> You can check more about nuxeo schedulers in https://doc.nuxeo.com/studio/scheduling-periodic-events/

Reviewer 3: i'd use "learn" in place of "check"

> We can also customize for how long we want to have the preview available once we do a retrieve action. The default is one day, but that can also be modified:. For example, if we want it for 2 days we can add:

Reviewer 3: remove "for" in "we can also customize for how long..."

Reviewer 3: remove the colon after "modified"
